[COMSUP-226] EF sample code articles (#971)
edgio-docs/edgio-docs: src/guides/v7/edge_functions/example_redirects.md

---
title: Redirects
---

Redirects can be used to redirect a request to a different URL. This can be useful for redirecting users to a different page, or for redirecting requests to a different origin.

## Basic Redirect {/* basic-redirect */}

A basic redirect can be performed by returning a `Response` object with a `Location` header set to the URL to redirect to.

### Router Configuration {/* router-configuration-basic-redirect */}

```js filename="routes.js"
import {Router, edgioRoutes} from '@edgio/core';

export default new Router()
  .use(edgioRoutes)

  .match('/some/path', {
    edge_function: './edge-functions/main.js',
  });
```

### Edge Function {/* edge-function-basic-redirect */}

```js filename="edge-functions/main.js"
import {URL} from 'whatwg-url';

export async function handleHttpRequest(request, context) {
  const url = new URL(request.url);
  url.pathname = '/some/other/path';

  return Response.redirect(url.toString(), 302);
}
```

> ## Geo Location Redirect {/* geo-location-redirect */}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Geolocation Redirect {/* geolocation-redirect */}
```

> Redirects can be performed based on the client's geo location. This can be useful for redirecting users to a different page based on their country or region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Redirects can be performed based on the client's geolocation. This can be useful for redirecting users to a different page based on their country or region.
```
